Fix "undefined array key 'label' warning" (#4519)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

* Tweak - Use wp_ajax prefix for its built-in security for Add Payment Method action
* Dev - Fix WooCommerce version fetching in GitHub workflows
* Dev - Fix failing test cases associated with WooCommerce 10.0.x

> * Fix - Fix PHP warning about undefined labels for custom checkout fields

Reviewer: Given that we're also fixing the required error message, I think we should reflect that in the entry.
```suggestion
* Fix - Fix required field error message and PHP warning for custom checkout fields that don't have a label
```
